okay I've done some research and the
most amazing thing is is this is my
homemade battery it will produce half a
volt can you hold this woman moans I'll
get the multimeter okay
keep it on there get down there really
get certified see your multimeter so I
need to produce a half of all just using
saltwater but I want to find a family I
guess lack of better word catalyst so
I'm thinking about trying you're in
human urine because if you ever got to
get off the grid
how you gonna produce a way to store
your energy okay so if I put on here
from the most meteor on see it reads
zero nothing say nothing okay so we're
gonna set this meter right here okay so
everybody can see it now we're going to
produce a half a volt out of this
battery okay seeing on the meter
producing half a volt and I built this
less than three minutes ago
half a volt made out of saltwater C zero
half a bowl zero half a volt now my new
plan is thank you mouth my new plan is
this just going to get picture of the
kitchen as you come through I'll get you
one last look these rocks holding the
place see the can sitting down salt
water they cut off and that is a topper
coupling it's a little water about a
half-inch
okay so come around here
excuse stuff there we go go through the
kitchen this will be my new battery this
monster this is a 40 gallon barrel and I
should complete this by tomorrow this
should create me and sustainable 12
bolts as long as I keep my ax acid acid
levels right all right
see when we start building this bad boy